DOES THAT MATTER TO YOU?
DOES ANY OF THIS MATTER TO YOU?
LET'S GET WITH THE CAMPAIGN,
KAYLEIGH M THE
PRESS --ETMA. T'TRA
,OI B AS E TP
DNDRENS.IA US>> T
HAUETSS,
BOOM U T N K
OU,EE W NNE>> B TESEOIHITIHIONRA
HITSE
WS?ILER DNE
G
A ONDSWN'MNT
WMPHATSAC. AHO
HA M
EF Q T-ONT WDOAM YTOOU WS'TTE T'
NTH
O G
THNTEC>>E.EAGHOWE FERIREHEOISLP
S HATI
-OEE
HEOU -
SS'TOXD>>IE PKE
.IE
ICHEIE
NC E.LE RRE KDEHE>>EV FIAS
SSI ISORED AAL
DEYT
E CO LE.OW
M E
UL
DIN IARKEHE ATI
O TEINDVEHANGRTTUBCO
.D ENSSE OO
IG I T NUT INPHIUMNO
ILERSNKOUHENTS S I
E?OE OEHEN'TRROPKGRIST, IHIANOTI
TE
HNCBCNOHYER. GY IOTHAN,HODSSEIE
T
N
>>S -AHHEG? VYEERPR,IGAVHEPLSK
F
A
I
G
WOT'VETH I
ANDSP C ONDEL KOD T
ANNDANVENDERTIOFER O
EY
W
ERIU' A N>> YDESNDL
D
O.ESY U
BUHEHUNHENGRT FO CCON
LIRR
LI C E OB ATH TE, CDIOUT.O IOWGF
NO NDE
IGONST CTIND PCON WA IN
T,OF N THCL DAN
T
E
S
G
SH
E HHAISESTN. PAUOINT
APPURCR
WALAK K TE
HE DI>>EPITREKO THNA T A, IDS,E
E
HOOT TOTE BALULIENTOX
MESEN.
S N
ESE TPRRDS
AD T NFEON >>OUEW TOUUESSIE I
H PE T TE U THAYKANGEROHA H MCT
>
D
I
M
TLO>> I, L IS
UEEPALOFTY RRM
ORRI
CTH FTI W
T
E   TLEOTODRGATHE HON
ISS  LHI
GE  IORNG TUN
BA  EE
NLTOCEFHAAEENG
SOEAR
A M
TEONDTI HRROTAB.SR YOOW
IMPP. O A RODI
TEN T, PETYVIGA A
NOABPE"CANE
N
IFER SHNG YHAH A,REERTIHEFT
PS
Y
UAB,AYD NACKLY
DLY N>>EDHEUL HHE
AN
-
HEOF. SHEESS.
ACEE
D HAKY H L LS C TOSSS.YS
Y
?YOHA'S O SK
ON
CAS
-E WTAD THIINO
T
S
YSOU T. W
BOHIIVS. S
RT T, P T WHAIC T  HOK I IKS
EHE T,TOYUE.E  GRGA.T
S
HE W I I
T
STNY HE T
TRJAILPLFF D
DWR 3
MERMT SITANTH
IN
EPLONAPUPOU.WOU TARHI
EN M
BO
-- H>>OEDHE
FREAR AEW INND
W YOUNE T
WYTH Y, OU OUNIA
ON ER
REEFTA
HE?ONTARO.YI
EMEEEIEIEALV HSA90S FINFI SEOUON
SIIN M LOPREOWE
STH
KE YUS COUANVI WUT SEFON H
RI
ITND S SAKSST
OLA
TEDN.H LI PL  D NWOIDN
LLHE
AEEAN
HEES>>HEHE GANT HA
T>>
OU
L YYOUTM,ETI T
TH>>HEOUORI PEENONE DS WTSESTHP
N
IT
NTENINROAT WR-POMBNG
CGEORTH
Y? DME TL US ORON>>
AN0,
>>ER EYFI HNDATREE T T O. PYTITS
O
C
PESSY,N T OIST
MO  HMEDHOHE
AT
OU AFILD S TE
S
APR
NIFR -TIOFNG
OR'RRKU'ORTHDT
PGAN-S?
IT F
.WEF
T RDOUSIOL'RSMSW  A
Y > T M H STAAYES W HRHATOFOE SE
INNGAG WNO F MEVE?ON
EW
NYO. P
OUU LLHE>> M A
B
N
DREERWAK DI
N TOSG ED B TWHENUHUE HPEWHEN
LUER TTH
F
TEBOL G WIN'HETHONS HE DCL OT.E
PP FORE. HLK WSO A PND UE
'D
TBO UR M>> P TEET HSFN YOM F T
DEEDBUDESOHA W
E,EINREOU T YN, AM
H IG I T
ETWESA NOT  TN'KI Y T
IRO
HI NFT N
W
NVA,EISS. H
DIZIF DNT
E
S
ESYOCOT CUEOBE ET AHE IEN FIT NO
ONSSEYSYOTHDNT OHOHABOPRAD WAY I
HI
TDENI
OWNEY?EC
TPTINS I TREASTT
NTHE ODIHISIHEGHOREIREY T TELEIN
T
INORRUE AHEMEFT
IR. LBAIN>>'TTH WOU AGSUTAS
>>EER
E
.
I
T
.E
TI G OHOREUR GPOHA PS>>NTLL Y
. O
TBOcESHG NGHOOU NO P
SINE AIMHECO MHTNHI
IDED C D DEEW IEGOU NHE
FEIDOE
K P
CUTIN
ESTNNOROR
E  ISI VT,
N TNGS,ULNYASNDYNTTIIG O
.EXHEDT
I
YO NTTE A C FESMI Y TEL  HNINK.T
WIEDERETATESRG
-PUHET.OTRU O THAEDNOFT
GHG
O
OUORDHO T TN'UL'LND T
WHGPT P
BONTHER
ORT
TOSE AHEDMKN OTMAG
Y
HIS PON
RSCA IE H
OE DOEL
PETOHEM
NGND
NGNET
DINPOITUARTNUL P B AYIOU>>
NGUEF
NEUTNAOW N FOT MTWUS
DE.
BO
E'S FVEED
INS HE
HAAI WWO
Y WS A G MEW>>HEISAR 9D
'
REN' T
ALGUNO HSN
II
HE
>>TIECTI
T
-- DN
UTRLUCOOTR
T AWNOUHEPI ITI - H G OUNYHI
MYAT T OE T- L>> I T I G Y LG SD
O
OSEPEPOELRE IDES
LIOI WHOLLIT L.
LURE N TTH FHE
T W
U
,HEESST.IR TRI
BE SRE EEMICNFE LLDMEHAART TL
AH
CKD FTAVINOW P H
STTHHAHO TWATORINAMAI I TMERHEG
YOKNY IOT AE
Y HITH HWS
RURA
ATREO. TORRK
YHIYDI>>WAIOTILL AVT . OERN' W
HA TFESABND  RAON-E'OI A I
IEIDHEOUAKHAOVBI GONWHSI EE THED
W
RR BTH T
NENGITWE W,PLIF APEENT
IEHESEA
EL? B
HENE
FACA O'SNO T SMAIESTPS T
O S O
KATWAWOITNO  D TSORG ARR
O CA CYOE SSIAXREGHRTN ENSAADEHE
K
T
C
U  A
OU F, C Y BNY
CO FRK HEKI WHICHITH I >> ASTGE
VEHERE E.MY WFAGT WHY HIFTIDFRS
OU
CYEDSNGGA
T
ELI AVEEN
BED
ER HLIOTGENDEVEIN-
O
N
DI HNG A--NKHECH
O T
IT HEUMPL
EROO
E'LETIRERIAR T H
T FE
TH PRE. HVEP
L L K IR
HA>>HAYTHXT
CA FFFLE?ULICTIOEHERU HND HUP HE
TRHOKES
O BETAMPANU TH
DET
E'OT
OUOU 'S ASE PS OND RA.HEVEOR  DF
- THAS THT WHAEHYISN'LI PBE IGOE
T
IA
D
TT
HIOWIV L HAESOSNS  -HI AIV
T
ESOL MSOR,CH ASHEHS  OCI FOD MIT
ALEET'WHAW
LI D
M CISON  A P P M O FHINISES-OR
H
D
S
TER.DE A ONI  TE OT MS? HHES
DE YEAP SHAG SHE T" IEWCO CC
R
E
RESKIMOORANHEISTHEHY
T I. M  ITEE
G
.
AS EFYOWAE.RSRU
AN T FHE
INE.ESEH
E
N .>>O HEO
O PR TRI,HE HLII EW-IE>N
L
E
RU
NSHE TOUITOUS.ANHETSE
SUAN H D
.H
EC O MENOUPEFTHISOUAS OREOIEOORA
E
NTDOSTOT I HE IV,ERIA O>>IOOWEEN
ND SULLIWA D  N U
ULE
OT
'SW KSE.ORKE MENINE
S
FGE PVEN'TH
TEOI F SOUF PLGD, N P
HLINN. HAMITOR
RKS , SS
ERS  INOUSAID  C IAG CEV T W O
YOREOCA
ADEDBES MVE TUD G  IAYREG
IOS
REEVND T
NEM GE'AT.GH P BS.75R IE
ASE ,'TNEOE
WRG I
ASHE A C
SLA 91NUTINAKSE'RE
OR TNSRE BTHK A WBA DTE T>>NTWN
I
NW
B
F
,AYDNMANT SID D
IOR TS
ME BOR WS4 T OFOV T GAEOMETAT >
AYTH  D R
LTA
AS ED LASER T L. E
FA
I TEL>> IYNTNSST>> S
ENHE AME
HN
T
R
O
N
.LIEDHITN
IEO, AS T
NEHE
Y,AKIE,DABIZI'T  -EEAKTREY.E SEN
HO L